In this video you're going to learn how to set up an app installed on Google onwards.
So once inside your outwards it can't want to come down to the campaign's tab and then click on Add
an ad or a new campaign.
Then you want to select the campaign type we want to come right across to the right hand side here and
click on universal app so we can drive up and Stoll's across Google's networks.
Then we need to select the mobile platform.
So for example would just select Android and you want to look up your app so we can just type in the
name of the Ophir or just select one if you have one on your accounts and then go ahead and click continue.
Now you need to go ahead and put in your campaign name and then once you come down here in this section
you're going to put in the copywriting that's going to appear on your.
And right now we can see a preview of what it's going to look like on the right hand side here.
So as you change the text we'll be updated on the right hand side and we can also see how this is going
to appear on the different places in Google's network.
So on Google search we could see looks like this then the display network on YouTube and then in the
play.
Google Play store as well.
Now coming then we can select the locations where we want this app and so to appear.
We can see like countries different cities that we can select different languages.
Here and campaign optimization then we can focus on either getting install of ops or some Inuk in app
activity and depending on the choices you will make here that will show you whether you're focusing
on new installs or in app activity.
Now moving on now we set our bids and so we can put the bid in and then our daily budget as well and
then we can set our campaign dates and then once we're done we can go ahead and click save and continue.
Now the reason that I would recommend app install ads on Google outwards is that you only pay when somebody
actually goes ahead and installs your app.